翻译扩展偏好设置面板 (#1594)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/extension/contributions-preferences.md

The Preferences panel is divided into left and right sides.

- The left side shows the names of functional extensions that provide configuration items.
- On the right side is an action panel rendered according to the configuration.

Changes made in the panel are immediately modified to the corresponding configuration items.

Normally the configurations seen are stored at the global level. If there is some configuration that needs to be put into a project, then you can move the mouse over the configuration entry and select "Record to project" on the small icon that appears on the left side. Then this data will be saved to the project, and changes to it will not affect other projects.

> **Notes**:
> 1. If the auto-rendered configuration is stored in the project, the icon on the left side will turn yellow to indicate it. If you want to reuse the global configuration, click the icon on the left side and select "Restore to Global Configuration", doing so will discard the project settings.
> 2. Only auto-rendered configurations will automatically add icons. If properties are not defined, you need to implement the icon change function in the panel yourself.

> Also there are some configurations that cannot switch between global and local storage location, such as preview scenes, which must be stored in the project. So this part of the configuration should use the custom panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, there are some configurations that cannot switch between global and local storage location, such as preview scenes, which must be stored in the project. This part of the configuration should use the custom panel.
```

> For more information about **Preferences** panel, please refer to the [Preferences](../../editor/preferences/index.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the **Preferences** panel, please refer to the [Preferences](../../editor/preferences/index.md) documentation.
```

## Registration Methods

Preferences allow to display configurations in two ways.

1. General configuration
2. Lab configuration

General settings are displayed directly as tabs, while lab switches are displayed centrally in a separate tab.

- When the functionality provided by the extension is more stable it is recommended to place the configuration data within the generic functionality.
- When the functionality provided by the extension is in the development stage, it is recommended that the switch configuration data of the functionality be placed in the lab configuration.

> First define the configuration in `contributions.profile.editor`. The data to be displayed can be defined in the preferences in `contributions.preferences`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First define the configuration in `contributions.profile.editor`. The data to be displayed in the **Preferences** panel can then be defined in `contributions.preferences`.
```

> First define the configuration in `contributions.profile.editor`. Then the data to be displayed can be defined in the preferences in `contributions.preferences`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First define the configuration in `contributions.profile.editor`. The data to be displayed can be defined in the preferences in `contributions.preferences`.
```

> For details on how to define a profile, please review the [Profile](./profile.md) documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For details on how to define a `profile`, please review the [Profile](./profile.md) documentation.
```

> For details on how to define a profile, see the [Profile](./profile.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to define a profile, please review the [Profile](./profile.md) documentation.
```

## Registering Preferences Data

`package.json`

```JSON5
{
    "name": "hello-world",
    "contributions": {
        "profile": {
            "editor": {
                "foo": {
                    "default": 0,
                    "label": "foo"
                },
                "bar": {
                    "default": false,
                    "label": "bar"
                }
            }
        },
        "preferences": {
            "properties": {
                "foo": {
                    "ui": "ui-num-input"
                }
            },
            "laboratory": ["bar"]
        }    
    }
}
```

> Two editor configurations, foo and bar, have been defined and added the configurations to the preferences.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two editor configurations, `foo` and `bar`, have been defined and added the configurations to the Preferences.
```

> Thus we have defined two editor configurations, foo and bar, and added the configurations to the preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two editor configurations, foo and bar, have been defined and added the configurations to the preferences.
```

> The foo is stored in the general profile and the bar is stored in the lab profile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `foo` is stored in the general profile and the `bar` is stored in the Laboratory profile.
```

> The defined profile data will be automatically registered to default. Using `Editor.Profile.getConfig` will get the default values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The defined `profile` data will be automatically registered to `default`. Using `Editor.Profile.getConfig` will get the default values.
```

> The defined profile data will be automatically registered to default. Using Editor.Profile.getConfig will get the default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The defined profile data will be automatically registered to default. Using `Editor.Profile.getConfig` will get the default values.
```

             * Fill in the entry for the custom panel there.
             * The panel will appear below the autorender (if properties are defined).
             **/ 
            "custom": string;
            /**
             * The labs are listed as a separate tab within the editor, mainly to provide a switch display for some experimental functions.
             * You can fill in laboratory data to add an editor configuration of type Boolean to the lab switches.
             * Laboratory is an array, the key in the array points to the key in the editor configuration, the corresponding data must be of Boolean type.
             * The key filled in here will be displayed in the Lab tab of Preferences.
             **/
            "laboratory": string[];
        };
        ...
    }
    ...
}
```

```typescript
interface UIInfo {
    // which ui element to use for rendering, e.g. "ui-num-input"
    ui: string;
    attributes: {
        // The attribute data allowed on the ui element, each ui allows different parameters, see the ui-kit chapter for details
        // Assuming the ui is "ui-num-input"
        // This can be filled with "step": 1
        [key:string]: any;
    };
}
```

> For more information about how to customize the panel please click to see [Panel Definition](./panel.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to customize the panel please review the [Panel Definition](./panel.md) documentation.
```
